https://medium.com/@niral22/2-way-ssl-with-spring-boot-microservices-2c97c974e83
Create A Self Signed Client Cert
We will use key tool command for this.
keytool -genkeypair -alias nt-gateway -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -storetype JKS -keystore nt-gateway.jks -validity 3650 -ext SAN=dns:localhost,ip:127.0.0.1

Create Self Signed Server Cert:
keytool -genkeypair -alias nt-ms -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -storetype JKS -keystore nt-ms.jks -validity 3650 -ext SAN=dns:localhost,ip:127.0.0.1

Create public certificate file from client cert:
Now that we’ve client and server certs created, we need to set up trust between both. To do that, we’ll import client cert in to the server’s trusted certificates and vice versa. But before we can do that, we need to extract public certificate of each jks file.
keytool -export -alias nt-gateway -file nt-gateway.crt -keystore nt-gateway.jks
Enter keystore password:
Certificate stored in file <nt-gateway.crt>
Create Public Certificate File From Server Cert:
keytool -export -alias nt-ms -file nt-ms.crt -keystore nt-ms.jks
Enter keystore password:
Certificate stored in file <nt-ms.crt>

Now, we will have to import client’s cert to server’s keystore and server’s cert to client’s keystore file.
Import Client Cert to Server jks File:
keytool -import -alias nt-gateway -file nt-gateway.crt -keystore nt-ms.jks
Import Server Cert to Client jks File:
keytool -import -alias nt-ms -file nt-ms.crt -keystore nt-gateway.jks

Because it’s 2 way SSL. When we access gateway url in browser, our browser becomes the client to our gateway application and so, our gateway web app will ask the browser to present a cert for authentication.
To overcome this, we will have to import a cert to our browser. But our browser can’t understand a .jks file. Instead, it understands PKCS12 format. So, how do we convert .jks file to PKCS12 format? Again, keytool command to the rescue!!
keytool -importkeystore -srckeystore nt-ms.jks -destkeystore nt-ms.p12 -srcstoretype JKS -deststoretype PKCS12 -srcstorepass nt-service -deststorepass nt-service -srcalias nt-ms -destalias nt-ms -srckeypass nt-service -destkeypass nt-service -noprompt